So of review the audience to come are you in or what is your market.
Colossians you have to answer the question.
Who are them and what are their needs.
And so how can you solve their problems.
So for example let's say that we're building a photography equipment store.
You have to define if your market is professional or otherwise photographers.
If the market is not wise photographers You can either guide about how to select the first camera some
tutorials about how to use it or how to clean the camera.
In the other hand in the case of professional photographers you can showcase the experience in some
landscapes where they can take great photos.
An image like this is the model you can use for professional photographers.
Find your audience and the purpose of your store.
And believe me you will be closer to success.